bench.jpg;Bench press; It is the basic exercise and the best for gaining muscle mass and strength. The following muscle groups participate in this exercise: chest muscles, triceps, anterior deltoid. This discipline is one of the main ones in powerlifting, in addition to deadlift and squats with a barbell. To do this, they conduct competitive fights in the classic bench press, Russian bench press, folk bench press and also military bench press. Performing weights in powerlifting is significantly different from the technique in bodybuilding.
dumbbell.jpg;Dumbbell Bench Press; The Dumbbell Bench Press is an excellent alternative exercise to the bench press. It is an isolation exercise that requires more balance and stabilization when performing. The dumbbell bench press is considered a much more effective exercise for building large pectoral muscles, and there are many reasons for this.
pullover.jpg;Pullover; Pullover exercises are an excellent isolating exercise for the pectoral muscles and back, because the implementation of this exercise draws the top of the chest muscles. The triceps, deltoid and short head of the biceps also receive a slight load. The pullover exercise is considered a single-joint muscle fiber stretching exercise, often most often performed at the end of a workout, thanks to the exercise, those muscle groups that were not involved in basic exercises, for example, when bench press, are included in the work.
crossover.jpg;Crossover Raise; Standing Crossover Raise is an excellent isolation exercise for working the chest muscles. In order to achieve a large, beautiful and embossed chest, basic exercises are not sufficient and it is very important to include mixing in a block simulator in the training program. The exercise is analogous to raising dumbbells to the sides and performing the exercise in the butterfly simulator. This exercise is focused on the muscles of the chest and can be performed by everyone, from beginners to professionals, women and men. Do you want massive breasts? - do wiring and mixing hands in cross-country.
butterfly.jpg;Butterfly Reduction; The Butterfly Reduction is an excellent isolating exercise for the pectoral muscles. It is also called "Butterfly" in another way. Absolutely everyone can perform the exercise on the simulator, there is no special technique needed, as with a barbell press or when breeding dumbbells. The reduction of the hands loads the pectoral muscles, i.e. large chest by stretching them.
chest.jpg;Chest press in the simulator while sitting; Are you tired of the usual barbell or dumbbell bench press? There is a solution! The chest press in the simulator in a vertical position is an excellent analogue of the bench presses performed while lying on the bench. The exercise perfectly works out the pectoral pectoral muscles, this exercise allows you to perform presses at different angles. Additionally, the anterior deltoids and triceps are worked out.
dumbbells_lay.jpg;Dumbbells lying down; Breeding dumbbells lying on a horizontal bench, also called wiring, is performed as an isolating exercise, the main goal is to increase the volume of the pectoral muscles. Together with the chest, the front deltas are also included in the work. The exercise is considered the most effective for the chest, as it stretches and works out the muscle group as much as possible.
push-ups.jpg;Push-ups; This is probably the very first exercise for an ordinary novice athlete, and of course a person who wants to be in shape when there is not enough time and energy for the gym and sports. This exercise does not require additional spending on equipment, it does not require a sophisticated technique, as with a bench press and absolutely everyone can do push-ups from the floor - men, women, children and the adult generation.
vert-wide.jpg;Vertical thrust with a wide grip; This traction exercise is performed in a block or lever simulator (hammer). The exercise is similar to pull-ups on the crossbar and perfectly works out the upper back. Vertical pulls can be easily performed by beginners, even those who do not know how to pull up on the bar, especially girls. Traction exercise will help increase the number of pull-ups. The most important thing is to perform repetitions according to the technique, keep the correct posture, the position of the shoulder girdle. The exercise is not dangerous.
vert-rever.jpg;Vertical traction with a reverse grip; Traction weights in a block or hammer with a reverse grip are one of the best exercises and, when performed, it mainly loads the latissimus dorsi muscle groups, the large round and diamond-shaped, but also the two-headed shoulder (biceps) receive an additional load. The reverse grip, which is also supinated in this traction exercise, makes the back more attractive and wider, giving it a V-shaped form of an athlete. The exercise is multi-joint: it involves the elbow and shoulder joints.
horiz-block.jpg;Horizontal thrust in a block simulator; This thrust is performed in a block simulator. Horizontal thrust is also called "frontal". Traction works well on the latissimus dorsi, namely the lower back, the load is also distributed to the rhomboid muscles, large round, rear deltoid (shoulders) and extensor muscles of the spine. The muscles of the back, due to the exercise, begin to grow not in width as from vertical traction, but in thickness. The exercise is very similar to “rowing”; many involved in the gym call it “rowing” or “rowing”.
pull-ups.jpg;Pull-ups on the crossbar; Pull-ups are a basic well-known popular exercise performed with your own body weight. The exercise is multi-joint and we perfectly work out many muscle groups of the back and arm. Pull-ups also strengthen the muscle corset and improve strength indicators, not only muscles are strengthened, but also ligaments and tendons. There are a lot of pull-up options, there is a whole sport - workout.
hyperext.jpg;Hyperextension (back extension); Back extension is a strength exercise for the extensor muscles of the back (spine) and back of the thighs. The exercise is performed on a Roman chair at a different angle of 45, 90 degrees. Exercise can be focused both on the back of the thigh and buttocks and on the back. You can also perform the exercise on the fitball ball. They also use the Swedish wall with the “horse” sports equipment to perform. The back flexion-extension exercise is usually performed for an average of 15 repetitions of 3 sets, 1-2 times a week, so that the muscles can recover.
dublell-row.jpg;Dumbbell row with one hand in an incline; The row of a dumbbell to the belt is an excellent isolating exercise for working out the widest and harmonious correct posture. It is aimed primarily at thickening the muscles of the back. The diamond-shaped, trapezium and biceps arms also receive an additional load. This exercise is considered traction, similar to the barbell row in an incline and free weights in the form of a dumbbell are chosen as a projectile. The working weight of the dumbbell is desirable to select one with which you can perform 10-12 repetitions.
pullover-block.jpg;Pullover in a block simulator while standing; Pullover in a block (crossover) - a single-joint exercise, only the shoulder joint is involved, also known as the block thrust with straight arms. The main muscle group is trained - these are the latissimus dorsi and auxiliary: triceps, deltas (shoulders) and pectorals. The main movement is the ghost of the hands to the body. Pullover in the block is much safer than with a dumbbell lying on a horizontal bench and does not cause much discomfort, the exercise is suitable for both beginners and professionals.
tbar.jpg;T-bar row; T-bar row - is considered a highly effective classic exercise to strengthen and increase the muscle mass of the back. This type of exercise is in great demand among professional bodybuilders, it is especially praised and advised by Arnold Schwarzenegger himself. There are many options for execution: in a special simulator with an emphasis on the body, traction weights at one end of the bar in an inclination, traction with a parallel or reverse grip. The latissimus dorsi muscles receive the main load and additionally participate: rhomboid, trapezoid, rear deltas and biceps of the shoulder (biceps).
shrugs.jpg;Shrugs with a bar; Shrugs is an exercise for the trapezius muscles. Shrugs protect the back in particular and the cervical spine. Exercise is very useful not only for bodybuilders, but also for athletes of any areas of light, weightlifting, extreme sports and martial arts. Exercise not only makes the muscles around the neck stronger, it improves blood circulation. This exercise, in addition to the trapezium, also trains the rhomboid and levator scapular muscles.
bent-over.jpg;Bent Over Rows; The Rows are a great exercise, one of the best for working your back muscles. This exercise is considered a cult one, and thanks to it, many bodybuilders of the classical bodybuilding era have achieved success through traction. Today, there are many traction block simulators and hummers, but I assure you they will not be compared with the barbell row in an incline. This exercise involves all the muscles of the back, making the back no longer wide, but thick. Additionally, the deltoid muscles are trained.
rever-barbell.jpg;Reverse Barbell Row; Reverse Barbell Row is a great exercise for working out the V-shaped back. Reverse grip is also called supinated (supination). The key is the correct execution technique, the weight of the bar goes into the background. In comparison with the traction execution to the belt with a conventional grip, the reverse traction loads the biceps of the arm heavily, the latissimus dorsi muscles are loaded, or rather the bottom. The trapezoid and rhomboid muscle groups also receive the main load. Add. the load falls on the biceps of the shoulder (biceps), forearm, rear deltas, abs and flexor-extensor muscles of the spine. The exercise develops back strength, improves grip strength, strengthens the upper shoulder girdle and muscle corset.
rever-dilution.jpg;Reverse dilution of the arms in the simulator; Breeding of the arms in the so-called butterfly simulator, loads the upper back and rear deltoid (shoulders). This exercise is considered isolated. Executed in reverse butterfly. An alternative exercise is swinging dumbbells to the sides in an incline. The main load is taken by the rhomboid muscles of the back, trapezium, infraspinatus muscle group and small round muscle. Reverse dilutions provide 3 types of grip: neutral, direct and reverse. The best one is straight.